[security]: automatically add nonce or hash to `script-src-elem`, `style-src-attr` & `style-src-elem` csp directive if necessary (#11485)
sveltejs/kit: .changeset/giant-years-drum.md

---
"@sveltejs/kit": patch
---

> nonce or hash is automatically added to "script-src-elem", "style-src-attr" and "style-src-elem" if defined in csp directives config

Reviewer: ```suggestion
fix: add nonce or hash to "script-src-elem", "style-src-attr" and "style-src-elem" if defined in CSP config
```
